PREVIOUSLY ON "YU-GI-OH..."
Joey: THIS PLACE LOOKS
NOTHING LIKE BACK HOME.
Tristan: OF COURSE NOT.
THIS IS SAN FRANCISCO,
HOME OF
THE GOLDEN GATE BRIDGE.
THIS ISN'T A VACATION.
WE'RE HERE
TO SEE PEGASUS.
Yami-Yugi, voice-over:
SHE'S RIGHT.
AND BASED ON THE MESSAGE
HE SENT US,
IT SOUNDS LIKE PEGASUS
IS ALREADY IN TROUBLE.
Kaiba: SHOW YOURSELF,
PEGASUS,
UNLESS YOU'VE COME
TO YOUR SENSES
AND GONE HOME.
YOUR LACK OF PATIENCE
NEVER FAILS TO AMUSE ME.
I CAME TO DUEL YOU
SO YOU'LL GET OUT
OF MY LIFE.
THEN LET'S GET THIS DUEL
ON THE ROAD.
I ACTIVATE
THE MAGIC CARD
A WINGBEAT OF GIANT
DRAGON,
WHICH MEANS YOUR
TOON WORLD IS TOAST!
Seto: HELLO?
I'M TAKING YOUR SILENCE
AS A FORFEIT.
I'D QUIT, TOO,
IF MY STRATEGY WAS
AS LAME AS YOURS.
I JUST HAVEN'T BEEN
MYSELF LATELY.
IN FACT...
[VOICE CHANGES]
I MEAN THAT QUITE
LITERALLY.
[LAUGHING]
IDENTIFY YOURSELF.
ALISTER'S THE NAME,
KAIBA BOY.
NOW, LET'S DUEL!
THIS MAGIC CARD
IS ABOUT TO CHANGE
EVERYTHING.
ACTIVATING
SEAL OF ORICHALCOS!
Seto: WHAT'S THAT?
WHEN YOU LOSE,
YOUR SOUL WILL BE LOCKED
AWAY FOR ALL ETERNITY.
BUT THIS TIME,
YOU WON'T BE SET FREE!
♪ YOUR MOVE, YOUR MOVE,
YOUR MOVE ♪
♪ YOUR MOVE, YOUR MOVE ♪
♪ YOUR MOVE! ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH! ♪
IT'S TIME TO D-D-DUEL!
THANKS TO
THE SEAL OF ORICHALCOS,
I'VE JUST SEALED
THE DUEL, KAIBA.
SOON YOU'LL BE LOSING
YOUR SOUL.
BUT IT WOULDN'T BE
THE FIRST TIME
THAT HAPPENED
TO YOU, RIGHT?
THAT'S ENOUGH!
NO MORE TRICKS, ALISTER.
SETO!
MOKUBA!
Alister: DID THAT SEEM
LIKE A TRICK TO YOU?
LET MY BROTHER OUT!
WHO DO YOU THINK
YOU ARE, ANYWAY?
YOU HAVE NO IDEA
WHO YOU'RE
MESSING WITH!
SURE, I DO.
I'M MESSING WITH
A GREEDY LITTLE PUNK
WHO'S JUST AS PATHETIC
AS HIS OLD MAN.
WHAT DID YOU JUST
SAY TO ME?
NO ONE COMPARES ME
TO MY STEPFATHER
AND GETS AWAY WITH IT.
DO I MAKE MYSELF CLEAR?
HE WAS
A WORTHLESS SNAKE.
LIKE YOU.
MY FAMILY BUSINESS
HAS NOTHING
TO DO WITH YOU!
GUESS AGAIN.
YOUR FAMILY BUSINESS
HAS EVERYTHING
TO DO WITH ME.
ALL RIGHT, ALISTER,
WHO PUT YOU UP TO THIS?
NO ONE DID.
I'M HERE TO REPRESENT
EVERY SINGLE PERSON
WHOSE LIFE
WAS RIPPED APART BY
YOUR COMPANY.
AND MORE IMPORTANTLY,
I'M HERE TO MAKE SURE
YOU'RE NEVER ABLE
TO STEP ON ANYONE
EVER AGAIN.
GET IN LINE.
I HEAR THAT SPEECH
EVERY DAY.
Tristan:
PUNCH BUGGY GREEN.
NO BACKSIES.
Tea: OW! THERE'S NOT
A CAR AROUND FOR MILES!
OOPS. MY BAD.
HEY, YOU ALL RIGHT, YUGE?
[SIGHS]
WELL, I'VE BEEN BETTER.
HOW ABOUT YOU?
WELL, I'VE BEEN WORSE.
AREN'T YOU GUYS WORRIED
ABOUT WHAT PEGASUS SAID
ON THAT VIDEOTAPE
YESTERDAY?
SOMEONE'S FOLLOWING HIM.
AND I HAVE A FEELING
IT'S THE SAME BIKER GANG
THAT STOLE
THE EGYPTIAN GOD CARDS
FROM MY GRANDPA'S SHOP.
ME, TOO.
Tea: IF
THEY FOUND HIM,
WE COULD BE WALKING
INTO A TRAP!
LET'S GET ON WITH THIS.
I SUMMON GORLAG
IN ATTACK MODE.
AND HERE'S
A LITTLE BONUS.
YOUR MONSTER
JUST GOT STRONGER,
BUT HOW?
REMEMBER
THE SEAL OF ORICHALCOS?
AS LONG AS IT STAYS ACTIVE
ON THE FIELD,
EVERY ONE OF MY MONSTERS
GETS A 500 ATTACK POINT BOOST.
WHAT?
YOU HEARD ME.
PLUS, MY GORLAG
GETS ANOTHER 500 POINTS
FOR EVERY FIRE MONSTER
ON THE FIELD.
THERE ARE NONE!
OH, NO?
WHAT DO YOU THINK
MY GORLAG'S MADE OF?
READY, GORLAG?
ATTACK HIS
VERSAGO THE DESTROYER, NOW!
Kaiba, voice-over:
WHAT'S THAT?
DID I FORGET TO MENTION
MY GORLAG'S
OTHER SPECIAL ABILITY?
EVERY TIME
HE DESTROYS ONE OF
MY OPPONENT'S MONSTERS,
THAT VERY SAME MONSTER
REAPPEARS ON MY SIDE
OF THE FIELD--
ONLY THIS TIME,
IT BECOMES
A CREATURE OF FIRE!
AND YOU REMEMBER
WHAT HAPPENS
WHEN A CREATURE OF FIRE
IS ON THE FIELD, RIGHT?
MY GORLAG
GETS EVEN STRONGER!
IT'S OVER FOR YOU.
NO WAY.
EVERY MONSTER
SETO LOSES
BECOMES
ALISTER'S.
HIS WHOLE DECK
COULD TURN
AGAINST HIM!
NOW THAT I'VE PLACED
ONE CARD FACE DOWN,
I'LL END MY TURN.
Kaiba, voice-over:
THIS WACKO HAS MORE SKILL
THAN I THOUGHT.
BUT TOO BAD FOR HIM,
I'M BETTER,
AND I'VE GOT JUST THE CARDS
TO TAKE HIM DOWN.
ONCE MY VIRUS COMBINATION
INFECTS HIS GORLAG,
EVERY MONSTER
HE STOLE FROM ME
WILL BE GONE.
THEN HIS LIFE POINTS WILL
BE WIDE OPEN.
IT'S SHOWTIME,
SO STAND BACK.
FIRST, I SUMMON
PITCH-DARK DRAGON
IN DEFENSE MODE.
THEN I PLACE THIS
FACE DOWN.
LET ME GUESS.
THAT'S CRUSH CARD, RIGHT?
I'VE HAD MY EYE ON YOU
FOR A LONG TIME, KAIBA,
AND I KNOW EVERY
PATHETIC DETAIL
OF YOUR LIFE,
INCLUDING YOUR OBVIOUS
DUEL MONSTER STRATEGIES.
I SEE.
I HAD NO IDEA
THAT YOU WERE SUCH
A BIG FAN OF MINE.
SO IS THAT
WHY YOU DRAGGED ME
ALL THE WAY OUT HERE?
IF YOU WANTED
MY AUTOGRAPH,
ALL YOU HAD TO DO
WAS ASK ME FOR IT.
YOU MAKE ME SICK, KAIBA.
WHAT DID I DO?
YOU RUINED MY LIFE.
NOW THIS IS ALL I HAVE.
HE'S MY FAMILY NOW.
YOU REALIZE
YOU'RE HOLDING A BUSTED
ACTION FIGURE, RIGHT?
YOU DON'T HAVE ANY IDEA
WHAT THIS THING
MEANS TO ME, KAIBA!
SO YOU LOVE YOUR DOLL.
HOW CUTE.
I DO.
KNOW WHY?
HUMOR ME.
IT USED TO BE
MY BROTHER'S!
BUT I'LL NEVER
SEE HIM AGAIN...
'CAUSE YOUR FATHER
TOOK HIM AWAY FROM ME.
IT WAS 7 YEARS AGO TODAY--
A DAY I'LL NEVER FORGET.
THE TANKS CAME BACK,
BUT THIS TIME
IT WAS WORSE THAN BEFORE.
THE ENEMY
WOULDN'T GIVE UP--
NOT TILL THEY WON.
MIKEY, NO!
YOU STILL HAVE
THAT THING, MIKEY?
YUP.
I KNOW IT'S JUST A TOY,
BUT SOON THE REAL DYNA-DUDE
IS GONNA SHOW UP
AND BEAT UP
ALL THE BAD GUYS.
NO KIDDING?
WELL, THEN
WHAT'S TAKIN' HIM
SO LONG TO GET HERE
AND SAVE THE DAY
ALREADY?
DON'T WORRY.
HE'S GONNA BE HERE SOON--
AT LEAST, I HOPE.
COME ON.
IT'S NOT SAFE
IN HERE, ANYMORE.
LET'S GO.
BUT WE CAN'T
LEAVE NOW!
TRUST ME.
Mikey:
YOU SURE ABOUT THIS?
Alister:
WOULD DYNA-DUDE HIDE?
Boy: I'LL RACE YA.
[LAUGHTER]
Mikey: WHERE'S MOM??
SHE'S GONE.
I KNOW.
WHERE'D SHE GO?
SHE WAS CAPTURED.
OH, BUT I PROMISE
THAT WON'T HAPPEN
TO YOU,
AND SOON
WE'LL FIND MOM.
BUT UNTIL THEN...
[EXPLOSION]
IT'S THE TANKS!
QUICK,
FOLLOW ME!
Mikey: HELP!
MIKEY?
WHERE ARE YA, PAL?
THEY TOOK HIM!
THEY GOT MY BROTHER!
MIKEY...
SOON THE REAL DYNA-DUDE
WILL SHOW UP..
DON'T WORRY.
HE'S GONNA BE HERE SOON.
[SOBS]
NOOOOO!
MIKEY, COME BACK!
Alister, voice-over:
SOON AFTER HE WAS TAKEN,
I FOUND OUT WHO
WAS REALLY RESPONSIBLE.
Man: WE COULDN'T
HAVE DONE THIS
WITHOUT YOU,
MR. KAIBA.
Alister, voice-over:
I WOULD HAVE DONE ANYTHING
TO GET MIKEY BACK.
Male voice:
I CAN HELP YOU, ALISTER.
I KNOW WHO TOOK YOUR FAMILY
AWAY FROM YOU, MY CHILD.
AND IF YOU DO AS I SAY,
YOU'LL SOON BE REUNITED
WITH THEM.
I WILL?
WHO ARE YOU?
I'M A FRIEND--
A FRIEND WHO WANTS
TO SEE JUSTICE SERVED
BY HELPING
YOU DESTROY THE MAN
WHO CREATED
THE VERY TANKS
YOUR ENEMIES USED
TO CAPTURE YOUR BROTHER.
TELL ME.
WHO IS IT?
GOZABURO KAIBA.
YOUR FATHER DID THIS TO ME.
NOW YOU RUN
HIS EVIL EMPIRE,
SO IT'S YOUR FAULT, TOO.
THAT'S NOT TRUE.
IT'S TIME TO PAY
FOR YOUR FATHER'S CRIME...
BY GIVING UP YOUR SOUL
TO FEED THE BEAST.
THAT'S NOT FAIR.
MY BROTHER'S INNOCENT!
MOKUBA...
OUR STEPFATHER
WAS A BIG JERK,
BUT DON'T BLAME SETO
FOR THAT!
HE KNEW THAT GOZABURO
WAS WRONG.
THAT'S WHY SETO TOOK
CONTROL OF KAIBA CORP
AND CHANGED IT
INTO A COMPANY
THAT HELPS PEOPLE.
SORRY, ALISTER,
BUT WHAT HAPPENED TO YOU
IS NOT OUR FAULT.
WHAT DO YOU KNOW?
A LOT!
YOU MAY NOT KNOW THIS,
BUT MY BROTHER AND I
GREW UP WITHOUT
A FAMILY, ALSO.
YOU POOR THING.
NOW IMAGINE
WHAT YOUR LIFE
WOULD BE LIKE
IF YOU DIDN'T HAVE
YOUR BROTHER EITHER.
NO. I CAN'T.
DON'T LISTEN TO HIM,
MOKUBA.
I'M JUST TRYING TO HELP.
HOW CUTE.
A FAMILY SPAT.
DON'T WORRY, MOKUBA.
YOUR BROTHER
WON'T PUSH YOU
AROUND ANYMORE...
ONCE I TAKE AWAY
HIS SOUL!
[CACKLING]
TAKE A LOOK
AT YOURSELF.
EVERYTHING YOU OWN
WAS PAID FOR BY KAIBA CORP.
THE CLOTHES YOU WEAR,
THE FOOD YOU EAT.
THAT SAME MONEY
TOOK MY BROTHER AWAY.
WELL, IT'S TIME
TO PAY ME BACK
BY GIVING ME YOUR SOUL.
WAIT A SEC..
YOU HAVE A GOOD POINT.
I AGREE, MY STEPFATHER
WAS A SNAKE
AND WHAT HE DID TO
YOUR FAMILY WAS WRONG
AND YOU DESERVE
TO BE PAID FOR THAT.
THEN AGAIN, I DON'T
REALLY CARE FOR THE WAY
YOU GOT ME HERE
BY THREATENING TO PUT ME
OUT OF BUSINESS.
SO WHY DON'T
WE CONTINUE THIS DUEL,
AND IF YOU'RE LUCKY
ENOUGH TO WIN,
MAYBE I'LL DECIDE
TO HELP YOU OUT.
WHEN I DEFEAT YOU
IN THIS DUEL,
YOU WILL HELP ME.
JUST YOU WAIT.
I ACTIVATE ROYAL DECREE.
AS LONG AS
THIS CARD'S IN PLAY,
ALL OTHER TRAP CARDS
ON THE FIELD ARE USELESS.
Kaiba, voice-over:
BUT I NEED
MY CRUSH CARD TO WIN.
I HOPE MY LITTLE TRAP CARD
DIDN'T PUT A DAMPER
ON YOUR STRATEGY, KAIBA.
I END MY TURN.
THAT'S WHAT I THOUGHT.
ALL RIGHT, GORLAG,
ATTACK HIS DRAGON
WITH FIRESTORM SLASH.
NOW TRY A TASTE
OF YOUR OWN MONSTER.
VERSAGO THE DESTROYER,
ATTACK HIS LIFE POINTS
DIRECTLY!
YOU'RE DOWN
TO YOUR LAST 400 POINTS!
THANKS TO
MY GORLAG'S ABILITY,
THE MONSTER YOU JUST
LOST BELONGS TO ME,
ONLY NOW HE'S STRONGER!
Kaiba, voice-over:
I HAVE TO SUMMON A PRETTY
STRONG MONSTER TO STOP HIM,
BUT I HAVE NOTHING
TO SACRIFICE.
THERE'S ONLY ONE CARD
THAT CAN HELP,
BUT I NEED TO DRAW IT NOW!
I THINK I'LL START
THIS ROUND OFF
BY ACTIVATING
A SIMPLE MAGIC CARD
KNOWN AS CARD OF DEMISE.
THIS LETS ME DRAW
3 CARDS.
WATCH CLOSELY.
HERE'S WHERE THINGS
GET COMPLICATED.
NEXT, I'LL ACTIVATE
WHITE DRAGON RITUAL.
IT LETS ME PLAY ONE
OF MY FAVORITE CARDS
AS LONG AS I SACRIFICE
A POWERFUL MONSTER FIRST.
SO I'LL SEND
MY MIGHTY BLUE-EYES
WHITE DRAGON
STRAIGHT TO
THE GRAVEYARD,
ALLOWING ME TO SUMMON
PALADIN OF WHITE DRAGON!
AND NOW I'LL USE
MONSTER REBORN
TO BRING BACK MY
BLUE-EYES WHITE DRAGON!
PALADIN, ATTACK
WITH IONIC SPEAR BURST!
AND NOW THAT ONE OF YOUR
FIRE MONSTERS IS GONE,
YOUR GORLAG LOSES
500 ATTACK POINTS.
BLUE-EYES WHITE DRAGON,
DESTROY HIS GORLAG!
I'M NOT READY FOR
THE FUN TO END JUST YET,
SO I'VE GOT ONE MORE
SURPRISE FOR YOU.
NOW I'LL FINISH
THINGS OFF
BY TRADING IN MY PALADIN
FOR ANOTHER BLUE-EYES
WHITE DRAGON.
IF YOU THOUGHT I DEVASTATED
YOU THIS TURN,
THEN JUST WAIT.
THE WORST IS AHEAD.
WHATEVER.
I'VE GOT ONE WORD
FOR YOUR MOVES--
PREDICTABLE.
I CAN SEE YOUR LAME STRATEGY
COMING FROM A MILE AWAY.
IF THAT'S THE CASE,
THEN LET'S SEE YOU
DO SOMETHING ABOUT IT.
I'LL PLAY A MAGIC CARD--
MY POT OF GREED.
IT LETS ME DRAW TWO CARDS.
THEN I ACTIVATE
ANOTHER MAGIC CARD
CALLED AETONYX FLAME!
HOW COULD YOU HAVE DESTROYED
BOTH OF MY DRAGONS?
YOU NEED TO BRUSH UP
ON YOUR DUEL MONSTERS CARDS.
AETONYX FLAME
DESTROYS EVERY CREATURE
ON THE FIELD
THAT ISN'T A FIRE MONSTER.
AND AS AN ADDED BONUS,
IT ALLOWS ME TO BRING
MY GORLAG BACK TO THE FIELD
IN ATTACK MODE.
NEXT, I'LL ACTIVATE
A MAGIC CARD
KNOWN AS FIRE WHIP.
MY CARDS!
THANKS TO MY FIRE WHIP,
YOUR PRECIOUS BLUE-EYES
BELONG TO ME--
AND THEY'VE BEEN RESURRECTED
AS CREATURES OF FIRE.
THOSE DRAGONS ARE MINE!
CALL ME CRAZY,
BUT LAST I CHECKED
YOUR DRAGONS WERE ON
MY SIDE OF THE FIELD.
SOON, I'LL USE
YOUR FAVORITE MONSTERS
TO TAKE YOU DOWN.
CAN YOU SAY
"PERFECT REVENGE"?
SINCE MY NEWLY ACQUIRED DRAGONS
ARE ALSO FIRE MONSTERS,
MY GORLAG GETS
A 1,000 POINT BOOST.
YOU'RE STARING
INTO THE FACE OF
3 UNSTOPPABLE CREATURES
WITH A GRAND TOTAL
OF 10,000 POINTS.
BUT, LUCKY FOR YOU,
I CAN'T ATTACK,
SO I'LL PLACE
ONE CARD FACE DOWN
AND END MY TURN.
AND THANKS TO THE SACRED
SEAL OF ORICHALCOS,
WHEN YOU LOSE
YOUR LIFE POINTS,
YOU'LL LOSE YOUR SOUL.
YOU'LL SUFFER
JUST LIKE I DID
AT THE HANDS
OF YOUR FATHER!
Kaiba, voice-over: I'M DOWN
TO MY LAST 400 LIFE POINTS
AND I'M OUT OF MOVES.
THERE'S NOT A CARD IN MY DECK
THAT CAN SAVE ME NOW.
WHAT'S GOING ON?
I MUST BE HALLUCINATING.
Woman's voice: KAIBA,
YOU HAVE BEEN CHOSEN
TO RELEASE THE MIGHTY CRITIAS.
ALL YOU HAVE TO DO
IS REMOVE THE SWORD.
ALL RIGHT,
I'M JUST ABOUT READY
TO WAKE UP
FROM THIS DREAM.
Woman's voice:
NOW JOIN FORCES.
ANYTHING TO SHUT YOU UP.
HEY! LOOK!
WELL, WHAT ARE YOU
WAITING FOR, KAIBA?
ARE YOU GONNA PLAY
YOUR CARD OR NOT?
Kaiba, voice-over:
WHAT'S WRONG WITH ME?
I'M SEEING THINGS AGAIN.
I NEVER PUT THIS CARD
IN MY DECK,
AND THE PICTURE LOOKS
EXACTLY LIKE THE DRAGON
I JUST DREAMT ABOUT.
IS THIS ANOTHER ONE
OF ALISTER'S TRICKS?
Woman's voice: NO.
PLAY THIS CARD.
IT'S THE ONLY WAY.
NOW I PLAY
FANG OF CRITIAS!
WHAT? YOU DON'T HAVE
THAT CARD.
WHAT DO YOU CALL THIS?
NEXT, I'LL MERGE MY DRAGON
WITH MY CRUSH CARD
TO CREATE A NEW MONSTER.
NO WAY.
BUT YOU CAN'T FUSE
A TRAP CARD WITH A MONSTER!
LOOKS TO ME LIKE
I JUST DID, ALISTER.
HA HA!
RISE UP,
DOOM VIRUS DRAGON!
BIG DEAL.
MINE ARE STRONGER.
TRUE, BUT DOOM VIRUS DRAGON
HAS A SPECIAL ABILITY
THAT AUTOMATICALLY DESTROYS
EVERY MONSTER ON THE FIELD
WHOSE ATTACK STRENGTH
IS 1,500 OR MORE...
SO ALL YOUR MONSTERS
ARE GONE.
NOW, DOOM VIRUS DRAGON,
ATTACK HIS LIFE POINTS
DIRECTLY!
[LAUGHS]
GAME OVER. I WIN.
YOU DIDN'T
BEAT ME YET, KAIBA.
I ACTIVATE
CONTAGION OF MADNESS!
HERE'S HOW IT WORKS.
I LOSE 1,900 LIFE POINTS
THANKS TO YOUR
VIRUS DRAGON'S ATTACK,
BUT YOU LOSE 950
THANKS TO MY MAGIC CARD.
IT'S A DRAW!
Mokuba: SETO!
HE'S GONE.
Alister: THIS ISN'T OVER!
I'LL BE BACK,
AND YOU'LL PAY FOR WHAT
YOUR FATHER DID TO ME!
Joey: ARE WE THERE YET?
HEY, WHY'D WE STOP, MAN?
HEY, WAIT!
WHERE DO YA THINK
YOU'RE GOING?
THAT'S WEIRD.
WHY'D WE STOP
AT SOME RUNDOWN
GAS STATION?
Tristan: I DON'T LIKE
THE LOOKS OF THIS.